---
admin homing ui: >

  The admin UI for controlling package homing is not complete.

index.php: >

  The index.php needs to be updated to support multi type homing and lookup

list/edit/display UI fields: >

  We need to update the UI in the list edit and display parts to display
  the fields in the type.

field set support: >

  It would be nice to suppport sub-maps of fields for one to many on
  content types

extra table support: >

  Sometimes there is a need for extra tables beyond one to many from
  content and we need to support sticking these in the schema_inc
  somehow.

more validators: >

  We need to add support for validation by more types including:
   - regexp
   - url
   - email
   - choice

validation messages: >

  It would nice to be able to customize the error messages given back
  by the validators.

client side validation: >

  It would be nice if the generator output client side javascript validation
  when it was otputing the edit templates. No reason not to!

preview support: >

  Currently the preview support is not really there. We want this!

YAML validation: >

  We currently do almost no validation on the input YAML. This is very bad.

service generation: >

  We would like to be able to generate services as well as a portion
  of a package.

package modifications: >

  We would like to support the hand modification of a package and
  preservation of those changes on regeneration of a package.

update script generation: >

  Upon regeneration we would like to support the output of an update
  script automatically so you can edit a package regenerate and run
  the updater to pick up the new schema. This may require user intervention
  sometimes but it would be nice to warn on that. There are a lot more
  questions than answers still on supporting this. Do we need the old
  YAML to do this properly?

wrap it in a package: >

  It would be nice to wrap the whole generator in a package so that
  we have a nice UI for generating the YAML document that drives the
  generator. This would allow non-developers to create new content types
  and install them like some other well known CMSes.