---
typemap:attachments should add upload_store to the services functions automatically, and pkgmkr should validate that name and validator: format exists.

custom code blocks in own tpls:
  this has been started but complete template set needs to be process

custom code blocks in services:
  All generated service functions should have custom load blocks.

typemap non one-to-one load:
  We should auto generate the content_load function to query for these.

typemap one-to-one parse:
  We should add content_load function to services of plugins that are 
  one-to-one automgaically.

typemap textfield format: >

  Currently textfields with 'parse' specified inherit the format from the parent
  content. Would be nice to be able to force other formats - multi infact would be best 

field set support: >

  It would be nice to suppport sub-maps of fields for one to many on
  content types

extra table support: >

  Sometimes there is a need for extra tables beyond one to many from
  content and we need to support sticking these in the schema_inc
  somehow.

more validators: >

  We need to add support for validation by more types including:
   - regexp
   - url
   - email
   - choice

validation messages: >

  It would nice to be able to customize the error messages given back
  by the validators.

prepconfig not null required: >

  prepConfig should force a required setting if the field is specified as not null

client side validation: >

  It would be nice if the generator output client side javascript validation
  when it was otputing the edit templates. No reason not to!

preview support: >

  Currently the preview support is not really there. We want this!

YAML validation: >

  We currently do almost no validation on the input YAML. This is very bad.
  It would be nice to abstract this in some way so that the generator was
  generic and didn't know it was rendering a bitweaver package so we could
  use it to generate other repetitive things.

service generation: >

  Service generation has been initiated, services currently anticipate and 
  only generate their own class, much as types implement a class. This needs
  further refinement for possibly supporting services within types. Services 
  also have complex variations like one to one and one to many and many to
  many schenarios - definiting such conditions and properly rendering the
  necessary crud processes for those needs further refinement.

update script generation: >

  Upon regeneration we would like to support the output of an update
  script automatically so you can edit a package regenerate and run
  the updater to pick up the new schema. This may require user intervention
  sometimes but it would be nice to warn on that. There are a lot more
  questions than answers still on supporting this. Do we need the old
  YAML to do this properly?

wrap it in a package: >

  It would be nice to wrap the whole generator in a package so that
  we have a nice UI for generating the YAML document that drives the
  generator. This would allow non-developers to create new content types
  and install them like some other well known CMSes.

smarty validator generation: >

  Length should not be required if it can be infered from the schema.

php unit testing: >

  This should be automatically generated. We want this!

template overriding: >

  It would be very helpful to be able to override specfic templates
  for greater output customization. This could be implemented as themes
  and or as specific template sets on a file output basis from within the
  package yaml definitiion. We want this!


clean up services and plugins differences: >
  this is an analysis of the differences
  content
    - load,store,expunge process content and typemaps
    - typemaps specifically related to content
    - service
    - unique class for each
    - one table each
    - load,store,expunge relate to service table
    - handlers relate to the one table 
    - processed by packagerenderer
  plugin
    - typemaps relate to service handlers
    - services
    - handlers relate to typemaps
    - processed by pluginrenderer

  refactor requirements
    - reconcile very different use of key hash typemaps; service does not use
    it, it uses its own fields and assumes one table; plugins do use them
    assuming them to be the service tables;
    could be resolved with prepConfig -- but that would add a layer of
    abstraction that i think would make things more confusing.
    - prep config of services and render into the plugin class (deprecate old
    serive class constructor)
    - difference between plugin and service would then be the use of plugin path
    and plugin_inc and bit_setup_inc


